Okay, if there's no problem
Yaoyao, please sign the contract
What about this contract? We each have one
Remember my terms
I see, Auntie Wang.
Then I'll go first, I'll see you off
You don't need to sit, haha, good old iron, take your time
Goodbye Aunt Wang
What is this?
Mrs. Wang has transferred the money.
Can temporarily ease the company's crisis
Let's persuade him in two days.
Make a new will
Yaoyao, you are really our lucky star
Oh, dear.
If my mother sees that Yaoyao is so attentive
He will surely regret it
He's just biased
Ouch, okay.
It's nothing to mention that Ouyan
Bad luck, right, right.
Yaoyao, hurry up and ask Gao Yao to have a meal together
It's okay for him. Let him know.
High price if you know
I will definitely give you a high look
I know.
Aries, yes, you.
Sister, you have changed too much, right?
It went from ugly little circle to white swan
Yaoyao, your clothes are so beautiful, and there are earrings.
You are so beautiful
Thank you. Hello.
I'm Yaoyao's fiancé, Gaoya
Oops, you're engaged
Yaoyao, you are so lucky
There is such a good-looking customer service.